Oh, geez, what kind of city show I'm watching last week?
It's so interesting about this cheap attention war.
What's it for?
Well, I've never seen this side of her before.
Oh, I got it. Emily, her Jasmine is out here,
falling around with another guy.
I'll go get her.
Wait, I want to see what she's up to.
Oh, goddammit, I work so hard to make him hate Jasmine.
My plans can't get messed out today.
Patrick, dude, it's been a long time.
Why haven't you been to your favorite bar for so long?
So this is also your favorite bar?
Hell, yeah.
He's been storing his liquor here since college days.
He practically owns half the bar.
What do you care?
Instead of messing around while you're drunk,
you should be getting ready to join me at the lunch event.
There will be many high profile people at the event.
Jasmine might fail out of place after being a housewife.
We are married.
Of course she will be coming with me.
Hey, I'm not going to the lunch event.